README.md, before:

# Protest Mix for Android

To be eventually used as a way to bypass sms snooping.

## Next Steps

### Authentication
- How will users sign on? (My guess is local authentication with encrypted local db of user keys).

### Shuffling Protocol
- Will shuffling be based on convenience (whoever is closest) or deterministic/preplanned?
- Will shuffling be at specific intervals or whenever the opportunity arises (someone is close)?
- How many people should be shuffling at any given point?
- What if a person can't swap phones at the moment?
- How will we tell the app shuffling occured? Do we need other information during authentication besides new individual's key?
- Do we need protocol for returning phones at end? (I don't think so since I can't see how people will be )

### Message Forwarding Protocol
- How will nodes know who to send messages to? Who will keep track of what information?
- How will the receiver know who sent the original message?

### Encryption + Other failsaifs
- [ ] Clearing tables through abort button (?) and on app close/quit/startup (maybe we don't want to do this?)
- [ ] Encrypting all databases
- [ ] Maybe encrypting sms itself?

---

## In Progress and Completed

### Message Forwarding
- [x] Uses internal storage to determine who to forward message to. (Might change later when shuffling/forwarding protocols are developed)
- [x] Message forwarding based on indicator.
- [x] Creates conversation when new message is received who is not contact.

### UI
- [ ] Display number of unread messages
- [ ] Sort contact cards by number of unread messages
- [x] Message bubbles (sent + receive).
- [x] Way of displaying contacts.
- [x] Way of starting conversations.
- [x] Way of accessing past conversations.

### Storage
- [x] Finish integration of forwarding table to actually be queried when messages are received.
- [x] Message table
- [x] Forwarding table
- [x] Contacts table

---

## ISSUES
- [ ] Remove drop shadow around send button
- [x] Phone number formatting is not working properly
- [x] More reliable way of storing contacts in messages table (maybe UUID?)
- [x] Standardize phone number String formatting
- [x] Send button is blank

Commit message:

standardized phone storage added ability to add messages in beginning and identified issues with message forwarding storage

README.md, after:

# Protest Mix for Android

To be eventually used as a way to bypass sms snooping.

## Next Steps

### Authentication
- How will users sign on? (My guess is local authentication with encrypted local db of user keys). Maybe there could be some sort of setup to create a new demonstration where you load everyone else's contact info into your phone and are assigned ids for that! Then local encrypted storage.

### Shuffling Protocol
- Will shuffling be based on convenience (whoever is closest) or deterministic/preplanned?
- Will shuffling be at specific intervals or whenever the opportunity arises (someone is close)?
- How many people should be shuffling at any given point?
- What if a person can't swap phones at the moment?
- How will we tell the app shuffling occured? Do we need other information during authentication besides new individual's key?
- Do we need protocol for returning phones at end? (I don't think so since I can't see how people will be )

### Message Forwarding Protocol
- How will nodes know who to send messages to? Who will keep track of what information?
- How will the receiver know who sent the original message?

### Encryption + Other failsaifs + ideas
- Clearing tables through abort button (?) and on app close/quit/startup (maybe we don't want to do this?)
- Encrypting all databases
- Maybe encrypting sms itself? Don't know if this is possible
- Auto destructive databases -> if you don't sign in all data will be deleted next time you open the app? Might be overkill if db is already encrypted
- Fake/backup key that deletes everything too?
- Keys as QR codes (faster to authenticate after swapping phones, don't have to remember, easy to get rid of/destroy)

---

## In Progress and Completed

### Message Forwarding
- [x] Uses internal storage to determine who to forward message to. (Might change later when shuffling/forwarding protocols are developed)
- [x] Message forwarding based on indicator.
- [x] Creates conversation when new message is received who is not contact.

### UI
- [ ] Add navigation between activities
- [ ] Remove drop shadow around send button
- [x] Sort contact cards by most recently received message (currently sorts by number of unread messages)
- [x] Display number of unread messages
- [x] Message bubbles (sent + receive).
- [x] Way of displaying contacts.
- [x] Way of starting conversations.
- [x] Way of accessing past conversations.
- [x] **ISSUE** Send button is blank

### Storage
- [ ] **ISSUE** message timestamps are off
- [ ] Have primary key for contacts be deterministic based on phone number
- [ ] Find better system for storing forward phone number (maybe local file storage)
- [x] Delete all stored data button (panic button?)
- [x] Finish integration of forwarding table to actually be queried when messages are received.
- [x] More reliable way of storing contacts in messages table (maybe UUID?)
- [x] **ISUE** Phone number formatting is not working properly
- [x] Standardize phone number String formatting
- [x] Message table
- [x] Forwarding table
- [x] Contacts table
